# Boolean Expressions
In order to build control flow into our program, we want to be able to check if something is true or not. A boolean expression is a statement that can either be `True` or `False`.

Let’s go back to the ‘waking up’ example. The first question, “Is today a weekday?” can be written as a boolean expression:

```tx
Today is a weekday.
```

This expression can be `True` if today is Tuesday, or it can be `False` if today is Saturday. There are no other options.

Consider the phrase:

```tx
Friday is the best day of the week.
```

Is this a boolean expression?

No, this statement is an opinion and is not objectively `True` or `False`. Someone else might say that “Wednesday is the best weekday,” and their statement would be no less `True` or `False` than the one above.

How about the phrase:

```tx
Sunday starts with the letter 'C'.
```

Is this a boolean expression?

Yes! This expression can only be `True` or `False`, which makes it a boolean expression. Even though the statement itself is false (Sunday starts with the letter ‘C’), it is still a boolean expression.

## Instructions

Determine if the following statements are boolean expressions or not. If they are, set the matching variable to the right to "`Yes`" and if not set the variable to "`No`". Here’s an example of what to do:

Example statement:

```tx
My dog is the cutest dog in the world.
```

This is an opinion and not a boolean expression, so you would set `example_statement` to "`No`" in the editor to the right. Okay, now it’s your turn:

Statement one:

```tx
Dogs are mammals.
```

Statement two:

```tx
My dog is named Pavel.
```

Statement three:

```tx
Dogs make the best pets.
```

Statement four:

```tx
Cats are female dogs.
```

### Original

```py
example_statement = "No"

statement_one =

statement_two =

statement_three =

statement_four =
```

### Answer

```py
example_statement = "No"

statement_one = "Yes"

statement_two = "Yes"

statement_three = "No"

statement_four = "Yes"
```